docs: Add CSRF protection section (#1075)
omniauth/omniauth: README.md

you how you want to implement the particulars of your application's
authentication flow.

## Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF) protection

OmniAuth protects against [CSRF attacks](https://owasp.org/www-community/attacks/csrf) during the request phase (`POST /auth/:provider`).

It uses the [OmniAuth::AuthenticityTokenProtection](./lib/omniauth/authenticity_token_protection.rb) middleware that inherits from `Rack::Protection::AuthenticityToken` (gem [rack-protection](https://rubygems.org/gems/rack-protection)).

If needed, you can pass custom options to `Rack::Protection::AuthenticityToken` like this:

```ruby
OmniAuth::AuthenticityTokenProtection.default_options(
  key: "csrf.token", 
  authenticity_param: "_csrf"
)
```

> It's worth mentioning that `Rack::Protection::AuthenticityToken` encode/decode CSRF token in base64, in the case you are using a different approach you will need to use the `allow_if` option and implement the allow/deny logic yourself.

Reviewer: Tiny grammar note.

```suggestion
It's worth mentioning that `Rack::Protection::AuthenticityToken` encodes/decodes the CSRF token in base64, in the case you are using a different approach you will need to use the `allow_if` option and implement the allow/deny logic yourself.
```

> See the [documentation](https://www.rubydoc.info/gems/rack-protection/Rack/Protection/AuthenticityToken) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [rack-protection documentation](https://www.rubydoc.info/gems/rack-protection/Rack/Protection/AuthenticityToken) for more details.
```
